growpart: add page (#15708)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/growpart.md

# growpart

> Extend a partition in a disk or disk image to fill available space.
> More information: <https://github.com/canonical/cloud-utils>.

> - Extend partition 3 in /dev/sdb to fill empty space until end of disk or beginning of next partition:
> 
> `growpart /dev/sdb 3`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Extend partition `n` to fill empty space until the end of the disk or the beginning of the next partition:

`growpart {{/dev/sdX}} {{n}}`
```

Reviewer 2: Just a thought

Reviewer 2: Just a thought
```suggestion
- Extend partition `n` from `sdX` to fill empty space until end of disk or beginning of next partition:

`growpart {{/dev/sdX}} {{n}}`
```

> - Show what modifications would be made when growing partition 2 in a disk image:
> 
> `growpart --dry-run /path/to/mydisk.img 2`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Show what modifications would be made when growing partition `n` in a disk image:

`growpart --dry-run {{/path/to/disk.img}} {{n}}`
```
